# Figures and Latex source files for the manuscript

This folder contains the figures and [Latex](https://www.latex-project.org/)
sources for the paper.

The text is in file `manuscript.tex`, references are handled by bibtex and
stored in `references.bib`, and the `Makefile` has the commands for building
the PDF (using the build automation tool
[make](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Make_(software))).

We recommend using *make* to build the PDF because it handles the file
dependencies. This way, the PDF in only regenerated if any of the source or
figure files change.

The figures are often generated by the code in `code` folder.
Numerical values like data values, computation times, etc that are included in
the paper text are set in the `.tex` files by the code as well.
This guarantees that these values are up-to-date with the current figures and
results.

## Instructions

* Build the `manuscript.pdf` (all output files are placed in the `output`
  folder):

        make

* Open `manuscript.pdf` in a PDF viewer (only works on Linux [requires
  `xdg-open`] and Mac):

        make show

* Check the text for common mistakes using [proselint](http://proselint.com/)
  (requires that you have the conda environment activated):

        make lint

* Estimate the number of words in the paper (only counts words in
  `manuscript.tex`):

        make wc

* Remove all files generated by the build process:

        make clean

## Notes

* **Don't commit the contents of `output` to version control (including the
  PDF).** These files are only used by Latex and can be generated from the
  source. Only commit changes to the source file. You can commit the PDF once
  the paper is published and no more changes will be made.
